the Belize Barrier Reef has changed
little since the time of Charles Darwin
it is a world as we wish it would always
be the 185 my long wall of coral islands
and spectacular marine life is the
longest in the Northern Hemisphere and
have been named both a World Heritage
Site and one of the seven underwater
wonders of the world
you
the crystal clear 80 degree waters and
abundant marine life hint of paradise
these underwater playgrounds are a
carnival of life where thousands of
characters coexist
it is no surprise that believes is a
magnet for scuba divers and snorkelers
from around the world discovering the
beauty of the reef year round just
offshore liza sapphire gem of the
Barrier Reef created some 12,000 years
ago when an underwater cavern collapsed
descending into the majestic Blue Hole
is a unique opportunity few experience
whether one wants to explore life
beneath the surface of the sea or unwind
on a beach chair the leads offers
endless possibilities
besides some of the world's finest dive
and snorkel spots they're sailing
kayaking fishing kite surfing
paragliding and more one could easily
spend an entire trip probing the deep
blue igniting your inner Explorer
unforgettable adventures are made
perfect by a mutual thrill of discovery
and a thousand memories of a journey
shared the leaves is a place that makes
your senses come alive a place to
explore or let the simple joy of a beach
sweep you away